
--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce t
hat's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdown
s I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
幾年前，我做了一個Kickstarter
不幸的是我沒有成功
一個月前，我在院子裡挖掘
並找到了一個神秘的埋藏盒
有點吃驚，但很快
意識到這是一個時間膠囊，但是
不只是任何時間膠囊，這是一個
我的Kickstarter項目的時間膠囊
在裡面我在開玩笑
我的抽屜之一，找到了我的舊
kickstarter項目框發現
再次讓我有個好主意
這麼有趣，現在坐在
盒子隱藏在世界上，所以我
決定重做，這次開放
在視頻末尾來源
共享指向所有文件和所有文件的鏈接
您需要的設計
重新創建其中一個，請繼續關注
讓我們了解有趣的部分要求
您可能問為什麼不簡單
發布您已經擁有的東西
上一個項目好，我喜歡來
使我的生活有點好
有點不，不，這不是原因
為什麼我最初使用一個
藍牙模塊和手臂
微控制器現在很棒
這些很棒，但是它們很公平
昂貴，兩個它們並不容易
與說相比
在最後一對中的SP32和ESP32
數年的模塊變小
如今很小
他們背後有一個很大的社區
我覺得轉向某物
就像ESP32一樣
更多的人實際嘗試這個項目
因為這個項目將開放
ESP32帶有一系列
外圍設備，我最喜歡的是Ble和
既然我希望這輛小車會吹來
以這種方式控制了我可以控制它
我可以從計算機中控制它
電話，或者我可以從
服裝遙控
ESP32在這裡扮演完美的角色
最初我為電話做了一個應用程序
特別是iOS應用程序，此應用程序是
用於控制小型汽車和
遊戲邏輯等等
我從應用程序應用程序開始
由於API改變而保持
時間他們很難編譯到
在開發人員設置中運行i
如今感覺就像每個物聯網
帶有一個應用程序，因此沒有應用程序
方式更容易簡單
重新創建硬件並獲取
它在運行，但我們會去
控制器的要求僅
幾分鐘，但這將是一個身體上的
控制器機械我希望這是
我想要外殼的3D打印汽車
要打印3D，我希望它們成為
相當簡單的3D打印是一個
要求，所以它必須是一輛汽車
最小的移動數量
零件的汽車數量最少
移動
零件，所以我可以和我做同樣的事情
在原始項目中做到了
原始項目有四個電動機
單獨控制，如果您有
A側A和B側B，您可以加快速度
只需說一側a，然後放慢腳步B到
朝那個特定方向轉向
方向基本上是一個坦克
做到這一點，就像以前的設計一樣
不希望這只是一個
小車四處走動
在原始項目中沒有什麼
我要添加一個顏色傳感器，
時間我會投入磁開關
進入原始方程
項目之一是，如果
您在彩色表面上行駛
汽車會撿起來，它會旋轉
例如，否則會加快速度
等等，所以它會觸發
遊戲邏輯即使沒有
在玩耍時看起來很荒謬
這次我要扔的兒童室
在磁開關中，我們必須
弄清楚如何觸發它，但我
要投入磁開關，所以
這樣，如果您越過彩色
表面它不會觸發任何東西
直到得到一個
來自磁開關的信號
是時候閱讀該顏色傳感器了，
是時候處理了，讓我們使用AI作為
好吧，我會在
第二，但請記住我們需要
電池讓我們使用脂肪
從他們那裡汲取很多力量
很快你可以公平地向他們收費
很快也是最大的問題
Lipos是您需要一個特定的
充電器我要打開充電器
董事會我不喜歡失去充電器
並且無法使用玩具
再因為我找不到充電器
或害怕插入隨機的
我發現的充電器是因為它
可能不是這樣
需要的是USBC電纜，聽起來不錯
最後，讓我們添加一些耀斑，我們需要
一些LED讓我們做前大燈和尾巴
燈光畢竟這是一輛正確的汽車
我保證的最後一件事讓我們添加一個
切換我可以添加一個按鈕
觸發一個IO並醒來，但隨後
排乾電池不讓我們做一個F
物理開關我喜歡物理開關
哦，伙計，那是很多
要求讓它等待啊
控制器控制器正確
讓我們進入控制器
控制器我們可以保持簡單
對，哦，比汽車簡單一點
也許需要打印3D，所以
與汽車相同的事情很容易
複製t
帽子是我們再次支票
需要有電池，所以讓我們使用
與我們使用的電路相同
應該很簡單的汽車
重做讓我們使用lipo和同樣的
充電電路是我們需要的支票
有按鈕和某種
操縱桿是的，這聽起來像是一個計劃
讓我們像任天堂一樣做按鈕
切換控制器並添加操縱桿，因此
我們可以擁有比例的控制
讓我們做按鈕，讓我不
知道加快變化模式的速度和
因此，讓我們加入一些耀斑，讓我們
添加一些狀態LED還可以
要求i
保證現在讓我們真正做
它在前面出汗了幾天之後
一台計算機和幾個失敗的設計
終於完成了，結果看起來
太神奇了，我等不及所有零件
耐心等待幾個之後進來
PCB部分終於到了
集會時間叫我瘋了，但我有一個
在家裡挑選位置，而這可能
成為一個過度殺傷，它可以幫助我加快速度
PCB組件過去大約需要3
平均每個PCB的小時
現在由80個組件組成的董事會需要我
少於30分鐘
它不是完美的，大約有90％
組件和剩下的10％以上
手這沒什麼大不了的
被動所有電容器的所有電容器
電阻的事物，例如
0.1微絨面電容器10K電阻
等等，所有這些都放置
自動在選拔位置我
喜歡這個東西，董事會是
看起來很棒，請檢查一下我設計的
外殼，用於輕鬆打印和
組裝電動機快照到位
沒有任何螺釘，它們沒有
PCB安裝在
帶有微小幫助的圍欄
雙面膠帶電動線魚
通過機櫃和PCB
電池的頂部很好焊料
緊緊地在車下再次雙面
膠帶顏色傳感器和磁性
開關在單獨的小PCB上
他們自己連接1.27毫米的標頭
這樣他們就遠離
PCB，與地面一樣近
您可能只想拿起
實際上應該看到的顏色
因此，我們正在嘗試與
在這里以及磁性
切換，因為我的磁鐵將會
相當虛弱，我必須觸發和
因此，我們必須與
也可能有一點
問題雖然輪子哦，我嘗試了
擠壓3D打印輪子
車輪不順利的車輪
太小了，他們是如此詳細
必須拔出我的樹脂打印機，
而樹脂打印機實現了極端
我真的不喜歡交易的準確性
用樹脂雜亂無章
它聞起來的地方，但精度
您實現它是無與倫比的，所以
車輪是使用SLA打印的3D
打印機，即使那時我失敗了
3D打印那些車輪的時間
事情沒有粘在平台表格上
該分辨率無法正確設置，並且
因此，在嘗試失敗後，我
終於有一個很好的輪子
足夠完美，但現在會做
對於遙控機箱的遙控器
我決定使用螺絲
最終我做的自攻M2螺釘
希望我的孩子們玩得開心
項目等所有電子產品
大部分都必須隱藏
遠離那些小小的小孩
手指所以對於這個板，我不得不做
它雙向一些電子設備
僅在前面電子設備
是必要的，例如按鈕和
燈光和模擬開關或
而不是模擬
操縱桿他們在正面，
然後其他一切都在背面
取決於您看的樣子
好的PCB很棒，經過了幾次
編程的日子，我擁有所有基礎知識
運行這件事很有趣，但是
我們還沒有完成
此東西底部的顏色傳感器
讓我們如前所述使其運行良好
在我決定使自己的生活更輕鬆之前
通過編寫神經網絡
工作哦
男人，所以我問了一種大語言
自從我就可以幫助我的模型
對神經網絡有點熟悉
讀過一些書，但我從來沒有
實際上實際上寫了一個神經網絡
我今天的大型語言模型可以
幫助您引導您完成一些
最困難的問題是
太好了，我能夠寫實際
進入的神經網絡
小型汽車的微控制，然後
我能夠編寫培訓算法
訓練神經網絡
培訓算法用於設置
每個神經元上的權重
接下來我必須收集的神經網絡
一些現實生活中的數據並訓練
算法和幾天的頭髮
撕裂，我終於在
我看到汽車在右邊輸出
顏色告訴我它看到紅色
藍色等等，哦，那是一個
狂喜的時刻可以肯定可以了
我們利用了人工智能的力量
神經網只是一個問題
創建遊戲邏輯，因為汽車是
受馬里奧卡丁車的啟發
旋轉速度加速和放緩
我用
這些顏色和形狀不判斷我
綠色的香蕉使汽車旋轉
白雲使汽車有
臨時噓聲在黑油
飛濺使汽車放慢了
幾秒鐘，但這些形狀保持
他們下面的小秘密每個人
乙烯基下方的磁力板
磁力板觸發磁性
我們之前談論過的切換
將信號發送到
微控制器是時候檢查了
顏色傳感器正在看到什麼
顏色傳感器採用其原始數據過程
它通過神經網，基本上
讓汽車採取某些操作或不採取任何操作
完全取決於看到的
它起作用，這很酷哦，伙計
項目是重現的爆炸
玩得很開心
我的孩子們用這輛車去了
我在床下尋找怪物
希望你喜歡這個
如果是這樣，請與我一起項目
訂閱製作很有趣
可以肯定的是，如這裡所承諾的是
所有文件也可以在
下面的描述我很有趣
計劃未來的項目保持樂趣
我會在下一個見你

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
Beberapa tahun yang lalu saya melakukan kickstarter tapi
Sayangnya saya tidak berhasil tentang a
sebulan yang lalu saya sedang menggali halaman saya
dan menemukan kotak terkubur misterius saya
Sedikit terkejut tetapi kemudian dengan cepat
menyadari itu adalah kapsul waktu tetapi itu
bukan sembarang kali kapsul itu adalah a
waktu kapsul dengan proyek kickstarter saya
Di dalamnya saya bercanda yang saya alami
salah satu laci saya dan menemukan lama saya
Kotak Proyek Kickstarter Menemukannya
Sekali lagi membuat saya memiliki ide bagus
sangat menyenangkan dan sekarang duduk di a
kotak tersembunyi jauh dari dunia jadi saya
memutuskan untuk membuatnya kembali dan kali ini terbuka
sumber di akhir video saya akan
Bagikan tautan ke semua file dan semuanya
desain yang Anda perlukan
Buat ulang salah satunya jadi nantikan sekarang
Mari kita masuk ke persyaratan bagian yang menyenangkan
Anda mungkin bertanya mengapa tidak sederhana
Lepaskan apa yang sudah Anda miliki dengan
Proyek Sebelumnya Saya suka datang
Licate hidupku sedikit oke a
sedikit tidak, bukan bukan itu alasannya
Mengapa Awalnya Saya Membuat Desain Menggunakan A
Modul bluetooth dan lengan
mikrokontroler sekarang ini bagus
Ini luar biasa tapi mereka adil
mahal dan dua mereka tidak mudah
Gunakan untuk dikatakan dibandingkan dengan
SP32 dan ESP32 selama pasangan terakhir
bertahun -tahun semakin kecil modul
kecil saat ini
ada komunitas yang sangat besar di belakang mereka
dan saya merasa itu beralih ke sesuatu
seperti ESP32 akan membuka pintu untuk
lebih banyak orang untuk benar -benar mencoba proyek ini
Karena proyek ini akan bersumber terbuka
ESP32 datang dengan berbagai
periferal dan favorit saya adalah dan
Karena saya ingin mobil kecil ini menjadi ble
Mengontrol dengan cara itu saya bisa mengendalikannya
Dari komputer saya bisa mengendalikannya
telepon atau saya bisa mengendalikannya dari a
Kostum Remote
ESP32 memainkan peran yang sempurna di sini
Awalnya saya membuat aplikasi untuk telepon
khususnya aplikasi iOS dan aplikasi ini
digunakan untuk mengontrol mobil kecil dan untuk
logika permainan dan sebagainya oh man dimana
apakah saya mulai dengan aplikasi aplikasi harus
dipertahankan karena API berubah
waktu mereka sulit dikompilasi
Berlari dalam pengaturan pengembang i
merasa seperti setiap IOT saat ini
dilengkapi dengan aplikasi jadi tidak ada aplikasi dan itu
cara lebih mudah bagi Anda untuk sederhana
menciptakan kembali perangkat keras itu dan dapatkan
itu berjalan tetapi kita akan sampai ke
persyaratan pengontrol hanya dalam a
Beberapa menit tapi itu akan menjadi fisik
controller mechanicals saya ingin ini
Mobil cetak 3D Saya ingin kandang
untuk dicetak 3D dan saya ingin mereka
cukup mudah untuk melakukan cetak 3D itu a
persyaratan sehingga harus menjadi mobil dengan
Jumlah minimal minimal bergerak
Bagian mobil dengan jumlah minimal
bergerak
bagian jadi saya bisa melakukan hal yang sama seperti saya
melakukan dalam proyek asli di
proyek asli ada empat motor
dikontrol secara individual jadi jika Anda punya
Sisi A dan Sisi B Anda bisa mempercepat
Katakan saja sisi A dan memperlambat sisi B ke
berbalik ke arah tertentu dalam hal itu
arah yang pada dasarnya adalah tangki mari
lakukan dan seperti pada desain sebelumnya i
tidak ingin ini hanya a
mobil kecil yang berkendara dan tidak
Tidak ada yang begitu seperti dalam proyek aslinya
Saya akan menambahkan sensor warna dan ini
waktu saya akan melempar saklar magnetik
ke dalam persamaan dalam aslinya
Proyeksi salah satu masalahnya adalah jika jika
Anda mengemudi di permukaan berwarna
Mobil akan mengambilnya dan itu akan berputar
keluar misalnya atau itu akan mempercepat
dan sebagainya sehingga akan memicu
logika game meskipun seharusnya tidak ada
mungkin terlihat konyol bermain di a
Kamar anak -anak kali ini saya melempar
dalam sakelar magnetik dan kita harus melakukannya
mencari cara untuk memicu tetapi saya
akan melempar saklar magnet begitu
dengan cara itu jika Anda pergi berwarna
permukaannya tidak memicu apapun
tidak melakukan apa -apa sampai mendapat
sinyal dari sakelar magnetik itu
Saatnya membaca sensor warna itu dan
Saatnya memprosesnya mari kita gunakan AI sebagai
baik saya akan mendapatkannya hanya dalam
kedua tapi ingatlah itu yang kita butuhkan
baterai mari kita gunakan lipo yang Anda bisa
menarik banyak kekuatan dari mereka
dengan cepat Anda bisa menagihnya secara adil
dengan cepat juga masalah terbesar dengan
Lipo adalah bahwa Anda membutuhkan spesifik
charger saya akan membuat pengisi daya
papan saya tidak suka kehilangan pengisi daya
dan tidak bisa menggunakan mainan itu
lagi karena saya tidak dapat menemukan pengisi daya
atau takut untuk mencolokkan acak
pengisi daya yang saya temukan karena itu
mungkin tidak jadi dengan cara ini semua Anda akan
Kebutuhan adalah kabel USBC yang terdengar bagus
Dan akhirnya mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar yang kita butuhkan
Beberapa LED mari kita lakukan lampu dan ekor
lampu setelah semua itu adalah mobil yang baik -baik saja
Satu hal terakhir yang saya janjikan mari kita menambahkan a
beralih saya bisa menambahkan tombol yang adil
memicu IO dan bangun tetapi kemudian
Menguras baterai tidak, mari kita lakukan f
sakelar fisik Saya suka sakelar fisik
selesai oh man, itu banyak
persyaratan mari kita tunggu ah
pengontrol pengontrol apalagi
Mari kita masuk ke pengontrol untuk
pengontrol kita bisa membuatnya sederhana
benar oh sedikit lebih sederhana dari mobil
mungkin perlu dicetak 3D sehingga
hal yang sama seperti mobil itu mudah
untuk mereproduksi t
topi adalah cek lagi kami
Perlu memiliki baterai jadi mari kita manfaatkan
sirkuit yang sama seperti yang kami gunakan
mobil yang seharusnya cukup sederhana
ulang mari kita gunakan lipo dan hal yang sama
sirkuit pengisian itu adalah cek yang kita butuhkan
untuk memiliki tombol dan semacam a
joystick ya itu terdengar seperti rencana
mari kita lakukan tombol seperti nintendo
sakelar pengontrol dan tambahkan joystick begitu
Kami bisa memiliki kontrol proporsional dan
mari kita lakukan tombol jadi kita bisa saya tidak melakukannya
tahu mempercepat mode perubahan dan
sebagainya dan mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar mari
Tambahkan beberapa LED status oke untuk itu
Persyaratan i
janji sekarang mari kita benar -benar membuat
itu setelah berkeringat beberapa hari di depan
komputer dan beberapa desain gagal i
akhirnya selesai dan hasilnya terlihat
Luar biasa saya tidak bisa menunggu semua bagian
untuk masuk setelah dengan sabar menunggu beberapa
hari -hari bagian PCB akhirnya tiba
Waktu perakitan panggil saya gila tapi saya memiliki file
memilih tempat di rumah saat ini mungkin
menjadi berlebihan itu membantu saya melaju cepat
PCB Assembly Dulu butuh sekitar 3
jam per PCB untuk merakit rata -rata
Dewan 80 komponen sekarang membutuhkan saya
Kurang dari 30 menit pilihan di tempatnya
tidak sempurna, ia melakukan sekitar 90% dari
komponen dan sisa 10% yang saya lakukan
Tangan itu bukan masalah besar semua
menghuni semua kapasitor semua
resistor hal -hal yang umum seperti
0,1 microfarad kapasitor 10k resistor
dan sebagainya semua itu ditempatkan
secara otomatis oleh pick di tempat saya
suka hal ini dan papannya
terlihat bagus check it out yang saya rancang
kandang untuk pencetakan yang mudah dan
Assembl motor snap pada tempatnya
tanpa sekrup dan mereka menahannya
lem apa pun yang dipasang PCB di atas
kandang dengan bantuan kecil
pita dua sisi ikan kabel motor
melalui selungkup dan PCB untuk a
Solder yang bagus di bagian atas baterai cocok
dengan pas di bawah mobil lagi dua sisi
Rekatkan sensor warna dan magnetis
sakelar adalah PCB kecil yang terpisah
mereka sendiri, mereka menghubungkan header 1,27 mm
Dengan begitu mereka ditempatkan jauh dari
PCB dan sedekat mungkin dengan tanah
mungkin Anda hanya ingin mengambil
warna yang seharusnya benar -benar melihat
Jadi kami berusaha sedekat
mungkin di sini dan juga untuk magnetis
beralih karena magnet saya akan terjadi
cukup lemah saya harus memicu dan
Oleh karena itu kita harus sedekat
mungkin juga ada sedikit
masalah meskipun roda oh man, saya mencoba
Pencetakan 3D ekstrusi untuk roda
roda yang tidak berjalan dengan baik roda
sangat kecil dan sangat detail saya
harus mengeluarkan printer resin saya dan
Sementara printer resin mencapai ekstrem
akurasi saya benar -benar tidak suka berurusan
Dengan resin itu berantakan
tempat baunya tapi presisi
Anda mencapainya tidak terkalahkan sehingga
Roda dicetak 3D menggunakan SLA
printer dan bahkan kemudian saya gagal banyak
kali saat mencetak roda 3D itu
Hal -hal tidak melekat pada bentuk platform
resolusi tidak diatur dengan benar dan
sebagainya setelah beberapa upaya gagal saya
Akhirnya memiliki roda yang bekerja dengan baik
Cukup itu tidak sempurna tapi itu akan dilakukan sekarang
untuk remote untuk kandang jarak jauh
Saya memutuskan untuk menggunakan sekrup itu
sekrup m2 yang mengetuk sendiri pada akhirnya saya lakukan
ingin anak -anak saya bersenang -senang dengan ini
proyek dan semua elektronik sebagai
sebanyak mungkin harus disembunyikan
jauh dari balita kecil itu
jari -jari jadi untuk papan ini saya harus membuat
itu dua sisi elektronik
berada di depan hanya elektronik
yang diperlukan seperti tombol dan
lampu dan sakelar analog atau
bukan analog
Joystick mereka berada di sisi depan dan
Maka yang lainnya ada di sisi belakang
Tergantung bagaimana Anda melihatnya
PCB yang bagus keluar dengan baik setelah beberapa
hari pemrograman saya memiliki semua dasarnya
berfungsi hal ini cukup menyenangkan tapi
Kami belum selesai masih ada itu
Sensor warna di bagian bawah benda ini
Mari kita buat itu berfungsi dengan baik seperti yang disebutkan
Sebelum saya memutuskan untuk membuat hidup saya lebih mudah
dengan menulis jaringan saraf
bekerja oh
pria benar jadi saya meminta bahasa yang besar
model untuk membantu saya dengan ini sejak saya
sedikit akrab dengan jaringan saraf i
telah membaca beberapa buku tapi saya tidak pernah
Benar -benar menulis jaringan saraf
diri saya model bahasa besar hari ini bisa
membantu Anda membimbing Anda bahkan
masalah paling sulit yaitu
Hebat saya bisa menulis yang sebenarnya
jaringan saraf yang masuk ke
mikrokontrol mobil kecil dan kemudian
Saya bisa menulis algoritma pelatihan
untuk melatih jaringan saraf
Algoritma pelatihan digunakan untuk mengatur
bobot untuk setiap neuron individu di
jaringan saraf selanjutnya saya harus kumpulkan
beberapa data kehidupan nyata dan melatih
algoritma dan setelah beberapa hari rambut
robek saya akhirnya berhasil mendapatkannya saat
Saya melihat mobil mengeluarkan hak
Warna memberi tahu saya bahwa itu melihat merah
biru dan sebagainya oh man, itu adalah seorang
momen gembira pasti oke sekarang
Kami telah memanfaatkan kekuatan AI
neural net itu hanya masalah
membuat logika game karena mobilnya
Terinspirasi oleh Mario Kart harus ada
spin out speed up dan slllown
S yang saya gunakan
Warna dan bentuk ini tidak menilai saya
Pisang hijau membuat mobil berputar
awan putih membuat mobil memiliki a
ejekan sementara dalam kekuatan minyak hitam
Splash membuat mobil melambat untuk a
beberapa detik tetapi bentuk ini memegang a
sedikit rahasia di bawah mereka masing -masing
lembaran magnetik di bawah vinyl
Lembar magnetik memicu magnetis itu
beralih yang kita bicarakan sebelumnya dan
yang mengirimkan sinyal ke
mikrokontroler bahwa sudah waktunya untuk memeriksa
apa yang dilihat sensor warna kemudian
Sensor warna mengambil proses data mentahnya
itu melalui jaring saraf dan pada dasarnya
membuat mobil melakukan tindakan tertentu atau tidak
tindakan sama sekali tergantung pada apa yang dilihatnya
Ini berfungsi sangat keren oh man ini
Proyek sangat menyenangkan untuk diciptakan kembali dan saya
telah bersenang -senang bermain
anak -anak saya dengan mobil ini saya bahkan pergi
Mencari monster di bawah tempat tidur i
Semoga Anda menikmati ini melalui ini
Proyeksi dengan saya jika demikian pertimbangkan
berlangganan itu sangat menyenangkan untuk dibuat
pasti seperti yang dijanjikan di sini adalah tautannya
semua file yang juga tersedia di
Deskripsi di bawah ini saya bersenang -senang
Proyek yang direncanakan untuk masa depan tetap menyenangkan
Sampai jumpa di yang berikutnya

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
Beberapa tahun yang lalu saya melakukan kickstarter tapi
Sayangnya saya tidak berhasil tentang a
sebulan yang lalu saya sedang menggali halaman saya
dan menemukan kotak terkubur misterius saya
Sedikit terkejut tetapi kemudian dengan cepat
menyadari itu adalah kapsul waktu tetapi itu
bukan sembarang kali kapsul itu adalah a
waktu kapsul dengan proyek kickstarter saya
Di dalamnya saya bercanda yang saya alami
salah satu laci saya dan menemukan lama saya
Kotak Proyek Kickstarter Menemukannya
Sekali lagi membuat saya memiliki ide bagus
sangat menyenangkan dan sekarang duduk di a
kotak tersembunyi jauh dari dunia jadi saya
memutuskan untuk membuatnya kembali dan kali ini terbuka
sumber di akhir video saya akan
Bagikan tautan ke semua file dan semuanya
desain yang Anda perlukan
Buat ulang salah satunya jadi nantikan sekarang
Mari kita masuk ke persyaratan bagian yang menyenangkan
Anda mungkin bertanya mengapa tidak sederhana
Lepaskan apa yang sudah Anda miliki dengan
Proyek Sebelumnya Saya suka datang
Licate hidupku sedikit oke a
sedikit tidak, bukan bukan itu alasannya
Mengapa Awalnya Saya Membuat Desain Menggunakan A
Modul bluetooth dan lengan
mikrokontroler sekarang ini bagus
Ini luar biasa tapi mereka adil
mahal dan dua mereka tidak mudah
Gunakan untuk dikatakan dibandingkan dengan
SP32 dan ESP32 selama pasangan terakhir
bertahun -tahun semakin kecil modul
kecil saat ini
ada komunitas yang sangat besar di belakang mereka
dan saya merasa itu beralih ke sesuatu
seperti ESP32 akan membuka pintu untuk
lebih banyak orang untuk benar -benar mencoba proyek ini
Karena proyek ini akan bersumber terbuka
ESP32 datang dengan berbagai
periferal dan favorit saya adalah dan
Karena saya ingin mobil kecil ini menjadi ble
Mengontrol dengan cara itu saya bisa mengendalikannya
Dari komputer saya bisa mengendalikannya
telepon atau saya bisa mengendalikannya dari a
Kostum Remote
ESP32 memainkan peran yang sempurna di sini
Awalnya saya membuat aplikasi untuk telepon
khususnya aplikasi iOS dan aplikasi ini
digunakan untuk mengontrol mobil kecil dan untuk
logika permainan dan sebagainya oh man dimana
apakah saya mulai dengan aplikasi aplikasi harus
dipertahankan karena API berubah
waktu mereka sulit dikompilasi
Berlari dalam pengaturan pengembang i
merasa seperti setiap IOT saat ini
dilengkapi dengan aplikasi jadi tidak ada aplikasi dan itu
cara lebih mudah bagi Anda untuk sederhana
menciptakan kembali perangkat keras itu dan dapatkan
itu berjalan tetapi kita akan sampai ke
persyaratan pengontrol hanya dalam a
Beberapa menit tapi itu akan menjadi fisik
controller mechanicals saya ingin ini
Mobil cetak 3D Saya ingin kandang
untuk dicetak 3D dan saya ingin mereka
cukup mudah untuk melakukan cetak 3D itu a
persyaratan sehingga harus menjadi mobil dengan
Jumlah minimal minimal bergerak
Bagian mobil dengan jumlah minimal
bergerak
bagian jadi saya bisa melakukan hal yang sama seperti saya
melakukan dalam proyek asli di
proyek asli ada empat motor
dikontrol secara individual jadi jika Anda punya
Sisi A dan Sisi B Anda bisa mempercepat
Katakan saja sisi A dan memperlambat sisi B ke
berbalik ke arah tertentu dalam hal itu
arah yang pada dasarnya adalah tangki mari
lakukan dan seperti pada desain sebelumnya i
tidak ingin ini hanya a
mobil kecil yang berkendara dan tidak
Tidak ada yang begitu seperti dalam proyek aslinya
Saya akan menambahkan sensor warna dan ini
waktu saya akan melempar saklar magnetik
ke dalam persamaan dalam aslinya
Proyeksi salah satu masalahnya adalah jika jika
Anda mengemudi di permukaan berwarna
Mobil akan mengambilnya dan itu akan berputar
keluar misalnya atau itu akan mempercepat
dan sebagainya sehingga akan memicu
logika game meskipun seharusnya tidak ada
mungkin terlihat konyol bermain di a
Kamar anak -anak kali ini saya melempar
dalam sakelar magnetik dan kita harus melakukannya
mencari cara untuk memicu tetapi saya
akan melempar saklar magnet begitu
dengan cara itu jika Anda pergi berwarna
permukaannya tidak memicu apapun
tidak melakukan apa -apa sampai mendapat
sinyal dari sakelar magnetik itu
Saatnya membaca sensor warna itu dan
Saatnya memprosesnya mari kita gunakan AI sebagai
baik saya akan mendapatkannya hanya dalam
kedua tapi ingatlah itu yang kita butuhkan
baterai mari kita gunakan lipo yang Anda bisa
menarik banyak kekuatan dari mereka
dengan cepat Anda bisa menagihnya secara adil
dengan cepat juga masalah terbesar dengan
Lipo adalah bahwa Anda membutuhkan spesifik
charger saya akan membuat pengisi daya
papan saya tidak suka kehilangan pengisi daya
dan tidak bisa menggunakan mainan itu
lagi karena saya tidak dapat menemukan pengisi daya
atau takut untuk mencolokkan acak
pengisi daya yang saya temukan karena itu
mungkin tidak jadi dengan cara ini semua Anda akan
Kebutuhan adalah kabel USBC yang terdengar bagus
Dan akhirnya mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar yang kita butuhkan
Beberapa LED mari kita lakukan lampu dan ekor
lampu setelah semua itu adalah mobil yang baik -baik saja
Satu hal terakhir yang saya janjikan mari kita menambahkan a
beralih saya bisa menambahkan tombol yang adil
memicu IO dan bangun tetapi kemudian
Menguras baterai tidak, mari kita lakukan f
sakelar fisik Saya suka sakelar fisik
selesai oh man, itu banyak
persyaratan mari kita tunggu ah
pengontrol pengontrol apalagi
Mari kita masuk ke pengontrol untuk
pengontrol kita bisa membuatnya sederhana
benar oh sedikit lebih sederhana dari mobil
mungkin perlu dicetak 3D sehingga
hal yang sama seperti mobil itu mudah
untuk mereproduksi t
topi adalah cek lagi kami
Perlu memiliki baterai jadi mari kita manfaatkan
sirkuit yang sama seperti yang kami gunakan
mobil yang seharusnya cukup sederhana
ulang mari kita gunakan lipo dan hal yang sama
sirkuit pengisian itu adalah cek yang kita butuhkan
untuk memiliki tombol dan semacam a
joystick ya itu terdengar seperti rencana
mari kita lakukan tombol seperti nintendo
sakelar pengontrol dan tambahkan joystick begitu
Kami bisa memiliki kontrol proporsional dan
mari kita lakukan tombol jadi kita bisa saya tidak melakukannya
tahu mempercepat mode perubahan dan
sebagainya dan mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar mari
Tambahkan beberapa LED status oke untuk itu
Persyaratan i
janji sekarang mari kita benar -benar membuat
itu setelah berkeringat beberapa hari di depan
komputer dan beberapa desain gagal i
akhirnya selesai dan hasilnya terlihat
Luar biasa saya tidak bisa menunggu semua bagian
untuk masuk setelah dengan sabar menunggu beberapa
hari -hari bagian PCB akhirnya tiba
Waktu perakitan panggil saya gila tapi saya memiliki file
memilih tempat di rumah saat ini mungkin
menjadi berlebihan itu membantu saya melaju cepat
PCB Assembly Dulu butuh sekitar 3
jam per PCB untuk merakit rata -rata
Dewan 80 komponen sekarang membutuhkan saya
Kurang dari 30 menit pilihan di tempatnya
tidak sempurna, ia melakukan sekitar 90% dari
komponen dan sisa 10% yang saya lakukan
Tangan itu bukan masalah besar semua
menghuni semua kapasitor semua
resistor hal -hal yang umum seperti
0,1 microfarad kapasitor 10k resistor
dan sebagainya semua itu ditempatkan
secara otomatis oleh pick di tempat saya
suka hal ini dan papannya
terlihat bagus check it out yang saya rancang
kandang untuk pencetakan yang mudah dan
Assembl motor snap pada tempatnya
tanpa sekrup dan mereka menahannya
lem apa pun yang dipasang PCB di atas
kandang dengan bantuan kecil
pita dua sisi ikan kabel motor
melalui selungkup dan PCB untuk a
Solder yang bagus di bagian atas baterai cocok
dengan pas di bawah mobil lagi dua sisi
Rekatkan sensor warna dan magnetis
sakelar adalah PCB kecil yang terpisah
mereka sendiri, mereka menghubungkan header 1,27 mm
Dengan begitu mereka ditempatkan jauh dari
PCB dan sedekat mungkin dengan tanah
mungkin Anda hanya ingin mengambil
warna yang seharusnya benar -benar melihat
Jadi kami berusaha sedekat
mungkin di sini dan juga untuk magnetis
beralih karena magnet saya akan terjadi
cukup lemah saya harus memicu dan
Oleh karena itu kita harus sedekat
mungkin juga ada sedikit
masalah meskipun roda oh man, saya mencoba
Pencetakan 3D ekstrusi untuk roda
roda yang tidak berjalan dengan baik roda
sangat kecil dan sangat detail saya
harus mengeluarkan printer resin saya dan
Sementara printer resin mencapai ekstrem
akurasi saya benar -benar tidak suka berurusan
Dengan resin itu berantakan
tempat baunya tapi presisi
Anda mencapainya tidak terkalahkan sehingga
Roda dicetak 3D menggunakan SLA
printer dan bahkan kemudian saya gagal banyak
kali saat mencetak roda 3D itu
Hal -hal tidak melekat pada bentuk platform
resolusi tidak diatur dengan benar dan
sebagainya setelah beberapa upaya gagal saya
Akhirnya memiliki roda yang bekerja dengan baik
Cukup itu tidak sempurna tapi itu akan dilakukan sekarang
untuk remote untuk kandang jarak jauh
Saya memutuskan untuk menggunakan sekrup itu
sekrup m2 yang mengetuk sendiri pada akhirnya saya lakukan
ingin anak -anak saya bersenang -senang dengan ini
proyek dan semua elektronik sebagai
sebanyak mungkin harus disembunyikan
jauh dari balita kecil itu
jari -jari jadi untuk papan ini saya harus membuat
itu dua sisi elektronik
berada di depan hanya elektronik
yang diperlukan seperti tombol dan
lampu dan sakelar analog atau
bukan analog
Joystick mereka berada di sisi depan dan
Maka yang lainnya ada di sisi belakang
Tergantung bagaimana Anda melihatnya
PCB yang bagus keluar dengan baik setelah beberapa
hari pemrograman saya memiliki semua dasarnya
berfungsi hal ini cukup menyenangkan tapi
Kami belum selesai masih ada itu
Sensor warna di bagian bawah benda ini
Mari kita buat itu berfungsi dengan baik seperti yang disebutkan
Sebelum saya memutuskan untuk membuat hidup saya lebih mudah
dengan menulis jaringan saraf
bekerja oh
pria benar jadi saya meminta bahasa yang besar
model untuk membantu saya dengan ini sejak saya
sedikit akrab dengan jaringan saraf i
telah membaca beberapa buku tapi saya tidak pernah
Benar -benar menulis jaringan saraf
diri saya model bahasa besar hari ini bisa
membantu Anda membimbing Anda bahkan
masalah paling sulit yaitu
Hebat saya bisa menulis yang sebenarnya
jaringan saraf yang masuk ke
mikrokontrol mobil kecil dan kemudian
Saya bisa menulis algoritma pelatihan
untuk melatih jaringan saraf
Algoritma pelatihan digunakan untuk mengatur
bobot untuk setiap neuron individu di
jaringan saraf selanjutnya saya harus kumpulkan
beberapa data kehidupan nyata dan melatih
algoritma dan setelah beberapa hari rambut
robek saya akhirnya berhasil mendapatkannya saat
Saya melihat mobil mengeluarkan hak
Warna memberi tahu saya bahwa itu melihat merah
biru dan sebagainya oh man, itu adalah seorang
momen gembira pasti oke sekarang
Kami telah memanfaatkan kekuatan AI
neural net itu hanya masalah
membuat logika game karena mobilnya
Terinspirasi oleh Mario Kart harus ada
spin out speed up dan slllown
S yang saya gunakan
Warna dan bentuk ini tidak menilai saya
Pisang hijau membuat mobil berputar
awan putih membuat mobil memiliki a
ejekan sementara dalam kekuatan minyak hitam
Splash membuat mobil melambat untuk a
beberapa detik tetapi bentuk ini memegang a
sedikit rahasia di bawah mereka masing -masing
lembaran magnetik di bawah vinyl
Lembar magnetik memicu magnetis itu
beralih yang kita bicarakan sebelumnya dan
yang mengirimkan sinyal ke
mikrokontroler bahwa sudah waktunya untuk memeriksa
apa yang dilihat sensor warna kemudian
Sensor warna mengambil proses data mentahnya
itu melalui jaring saraf dan pada dasarnya
membuat mobil melakukan tindakan tertentu atau tidak
tindakan sama sekali tergantung pada apa yang dilihatnya
Ini berfungsi sangat keren oh man ini
Proyek sangat menyenangkan untuk diciptakan kembali dan saya
telah bersenang -senang bermain
anak -anak saya dengan mobil ini saya bahkan pergi
Mencari monster di bawah tempat tidur i
Semoga Anda menikmati ini melalui ini
Proyeksi dengan saya jika demikian pertimbangkan
berlangganan itu sangat menyenangkan untuk dibuat
pasti seperti yang dijanjikan di sini adalah tautannya
semua file yang juga tersedia di
Deskripsi di bawah ini saya bersenang -senang
Proyek yang direncanakan untuk masa depan tetap menyenangkan
Sampai jumpa di yang berikutnya

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
Beberapa tahun yang lalu saya melakukan kickstarter tapi
Sayangnya saya tidak berhasil tentang a
sebulan yang lalu saya sedang menggali halaman saya
dan menemukan kotak terkubur misterius saya
Sedikit terkejut tetapi kemudian dengan cepat
menyadari itu adalah kapsul waktu tetapi itu
bukan sembarang kali kapsul itu adalah a
waktu kapsul dengan proyek kickstarter saya
Di dalamnya saya bercanda yang saya alami
salah satu laci saya dan menemukan lama saya
Kotak Proyek Kickstarter Menemukannya
Sekali lagi membuat saya memiliki ide bagus
sangat menyenangkan dan sekarang duduk di a
kotak tersembunyi jauh dari dunia jadi saya
memutuskan untuk membuatnya kembali dan kali ini terbuka
sumber di akhir video saya akan
Bagikan tautan ke semua file dan semuanya
desain yang Anda perlukan
Buat ulang salah satunya jadi nantikan sekarang
Mari kita masuk ke persyaratan bagian yang menyenangkan
Anda mungkin bertanya mengapa tidak sederhana
Lepaskan apa yang sudah Anda miliki dengan
Proyek Sebelumnya Saya suka datang
Licate hidupku sedikit oke a
sedikit tidak, bukan bukan itu alasannya
Mengapa Awalnya Saya Membuat Desain Menggunakan A
Modul bluetooth dan lengan
mikrokontroler sekarang ini bagus
Ini luar biasa tapi mereka adil
mahal dan dua mereka tidak mudah
Gunakan untuk dikatakan dibandingkan dengan
SP32 dan ESP32 selama pasangan terakhir
bertahun -tahun semakin kecil modul
kecil saat ini
ada komunitas yang sangat besar di belakang mereka
dan saya merasa itu beralih ke sesuatu
seperti ESP32 akan membuka pintu untuk
lebih banyak orang untuk benar -benar mencoba proyek ini
Karena proyek ini akan bersumber terbuka
ESP32 datang dengan berbagai
periferal dan favorit saya adalah dan
Karena saya ingin mobil kecil ini menjadi ble
Mengontrol dengan cara itu saya bisa mengendalikannya
Dari komputer saya bisa mengendalikannya
telepon atau saya bisa mengendalikannya dari a
Kostum Remote
ESP32 memainkan peran yang sempurna di sini
Awalnya saya membuat aplikasi untuk telepon
khususnya aplikasi iOS dan aplikasi ini
digunakan untuk mengontrol mobil kecil dan untuk
logika permainan dan sebagainya oh man dimana
apakah saya mulai dengan aplikasi aplikasi harus
dipertahankan karena API berubah
waktu mereka sulit dikompilasi
Berlari dalam pengaturan pengembang i
merasa seperti setiap IOT saat ini
dilengkapi dengan aplikasi jadi tidak ada aplikasi dan itu
cara lebih mudah bagi Anda untuk sederhana
menciptakan kembali perangkat keras itu dan dapatkan
itu berjalan tetapi kita akan sampai ke
persyaratan pengontrol hanya dalam a
Beberapa menit tapi itu akan menjadi fisik
controller mechanicals saya ingin ini
Mobil cetak 3D Saya ingin kandang
untuk dicetak 3D dan saya ingin mereka
cukup mudah untuk melakukan cetak 3D itu a
persyaratan sehingga harus menjadi mobil dengan
Jumlah minimal minimal bergerak
Bagian mobil dengan jumlah minimal
bergerak
bagian jadi saya bisa melakukan hal yang sama seperti saya
melakukan dalam proyek asli di
proyek asli ada empat motor
dikontrol secara individual jadi jika Anda punya
Sisi A dan Sisi B Anda bisa mempercepat
Katakan saja sisi A dan memperlambat sisi B ke
berbalik ke arah tertentu dalam hal itu
arah yang pada dasarnya adalah tangki mari
lakukan dan seperti pada desain sebelumnya i
tidak ingin ini hanya a
mobil kecil yang berkendara dan tidak
Tidak ada yang begitu seperti dalam proyek aslinya
Saya akan menambahkan sensor warna dan ini
waktu saya akan melempar saklar magnetik
ke dalam persamaan dalam aslinya
Proyeksi salah satu masalahnya adalah jika jika
Anda mengemudi di permukaan berwarna
Mobil akan mengambilnya dan itu akan berputar
keluar misalnya atau itu akan mempercepat
dan sebagainya sehingga akan memicu
logika game meskipun seharusnya tidak ada
mungkin terlihat konyol bermain di a
Kamar anak -anak kali ini saya melempar
dalam sakelar magnetik dan kita harus melakukannya
mencari cara untuk memicu tetapi saya
akan melempar saklar magnet begitu
dengan cara itu jika Anda pergi berwarna
permukaannya tidak memicu apapun
tidak melakukan apa -apa sampai mendapat
sinyal dari sakelar magnetik itu
Saatnya membaca sensor warna itu dan
Saatnya memprosesnya mari kita gunakan AI sebagai
baik saya akan mendapatkannya hanya dalam
kedua tapi ingatlah itu yang kita butuhkan
baterai mari kita gunakan lipo yang Anda bisa
menarik banyak kekuatan dari mereka
dengan cepat Anda bisa menagihnya secara adil
dengan cepat juga masalah terbesar dengan
Lipo adalah bahwa Anda membutuhkan spesifik
charger saya akan membuat pengisi daya
papan saya tidak suka kehilangan pengisi daya
dan tidak bisa menggunakan mainan itu
lagi karena saya tidak dapat menemukan pengisi daya
atau takut untuk mencolokkan acak
pengisi daya yang saya temukan karena itu
mungkin tidak jadi dengan cara ini semua Anda akan
Kebutuhan adalah kabel USBC yang terdengar bagus
Dan akhirnya mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar yang kita butuhkan
Beberapa LED mari kita lakukan lampu dan ekor
lampu setelah semua itu adalah mobil yang baik -baik saja
Satu hal terakhir yang saya janjikan mari kita menambahkan a
beralih saya bisa menambahkan tombol yang adil
memicu IO dan bangun tetapi kemudian
Menguras baterai tidak, mari kita lakukan f
sakelar fisik Saya suka sakelar fisik
selesai oh man, itu banyak
persyaratan mari kita tunggu ah
pengontrol pengontrol apalagi
Mari kita masuk ke pengontrol untuk
pengontrol kita bisa membuatnya sederhana
benar oh sedikit lebih sederhana dari mobil
mungkin perlu dicetak 3D sehingga
hal yang sama seperti mobil itu mudah
untuk mereproduksi t
topi adalah cek lagi kami
Perlu memiliki baterai jadi mari kita manfaatkan
sirkuit yang sama seperti yang kami gunakan
mobil yang seharusnya cukup sederhana
ulang mari kita gunakan lipo dan hal yang sama
sirkuit pengisian itu adalah cek yang kita butuhkan
untuk memiliki tombol dan semacam a
joystick ya itu terdengar seperti rencana
mari kita lakukan tombol seperti nintendo
sakelar pengontrol dan tambahkan joystick begitu
Kami bisa memiliki kontrol proporsional dan
mari kita lakukan tombol jadi kita bisa saya tidak melakukannya
tahu mempercepat mode perubahan dan
sebagainya dan mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar mari
Tambahkan beberapa LED status oke untuk itu
Persyaratan i
janji sekarang mari kita benar -benar membuat
itu setelah berkeringat beberapa hari di depan
komputer dan beberapa desain gagal i
akhirnya selesai dan hasilnya terlihat
Luar biasa saya tidak bisa menunggu semua bagian
untuk masuk setelah dengan sabar menunggu beberapa
hari -hari bagian PCB akhirnya tiba
Waktu perakitan panggil saya gila tapi saya memiliki file
memilih tempat di rumah saat ini mungkin
menjadi berlebihan itu membantu saya melaju cepat
PCB Assembly Dulu butuh sekitar 3
jam per PCB untuk merakit rata -rata
Dewan 80 komponen sekarang membutuhkan saya
Kurang dari 30 menit pilihan di tempatnya
tidak sempurna, ia melakukan sekitar 90% dari
komponen dan sisa 10% yang saya lakukan
Tangan itu bukan masalah besar semua
menghuni semua kapasitor semua
resistor hal -hal yang umum seperti
0,1 microfarad kapasitor 10k resistor
dan sebagainya semua itu ditempatkan
secara otomatis oleh pick di tempat saya
suka hal ini dan papannya
terlihat bagus check it out yang saya rancang
kandang untuk pencetakan yang mudah dan
Assembl motor snap pada tempatnya
tanpa sekrup dan mereka menahannya
lem apa pun yang dipasang PCB di atas
kandang dengan bantuan kecil
pita dua sisi ikan kabel motor
melalui selungkup dan PCB untuk a
Solder yang bagus di bagian atas baterai cocok
dengan pas di bawah mobil lagi dua sisi
Rekatkan sensor warna dan magnetis
sakelar adalah PCB kecil yang terpisah
mereka sendiri, mereka menghubungkan header 1,27 mm
Dengan begitu mereka ditempatkan jauh dari
PCB dan sedekat mungkin dengan tanah
mungkin Anda hanya ingin mengambil
warna yang seharusnya benar -benar melihat
Jadi kami berusaha sedekat
mungkin di sini dan juga untuk magnetis
beralih karena magnet saya akan terjadi
cukup lemah saya harus memicu dan
Oleh karena itu kita harus sedekat
mungkin juga ada sedikit
masalah meskipun roda oh man, saya mencoba
Pencetakan 3D ekstrusi untuk roda
roda yang tidak berjalan dengan baik roda
sangat kecil dan sangat detail saya
harus mengeluarkan printer resin saya dan
Sementara printer resin mencapai ekstrem
akurasi saya benar -benar tidak suka berurusan
Dengan resin itu berantakan
tempat baunya tapi presisi
Anda mencapainya tidak terkalahkan sehingga
Roda dicetak 3D menggunakan SLA
printer dan bahkan kemudian saya gagal banyak
kali saat mencetak roda 3D itu
Hal -hal tidak melekat pada bentuk platform
resolusi tidak diatur dengan benar dan
sebagainya setelah beberapa upaya gagal saya
Akhirnya memiliki roda yang bekerja dengan baik
Cukup itu tidak sempurna tapi itu akan dilakukan sekarang
untuk remote untuk kandang jarak jauh
Saya memutuskan untuk menggunakan sekrup itu
sekrup m2 yang mengetuk sendiri pada akhirnya saya lakukan
ingin anak -anak saya bersenang -senang dengan ini
proyek dan semua elektronik sebagai
sebanyak mungkin harus disembunyikan
jauh dari balita kecil itu
jari -jari jadi untuk papan ini saya harus membuat
itu dua sisi elektronik
berada di depan hanya elektronik
yang diperlukan seperti tombol dan
lampu dan sakelar analog atau
bukan analog
Joystick mereka berada di sisi depan dan
Maka yang lainnya ada di sisi belakang
Tergantung bagaimana Anda melihatnya
PCB yang bagus keluar dengan baik setelah beberapa
hari pemrograman saya memiliki semua dasarnya
berfungsi hal ini cukup menyenangkan tapi
Kami belum selesai masih ada itu
Sensor warna di bagian bawah benda ini
Mari kita buat itu berfungsi dengan baik seperti yang disebutkan
Sebelum saya memutuskan untuk membuat hidup saya lebih mudah
dengan menulis jaringan saraf
bekerja oh
pria benar jadi saya meminta bahasa yang besar
model untuk membantu saya dengan ini sejak saya
sedikit akrab dengan jaringan saraf i
telah membaca beberapa buku tapi saya tidak pernah
Benar -benar menulis jaringan saraf
diri saya model bahasa besar hari ini bisa
membantu Anda membimbing Anda bahkan
masalah paling sulit yaitu
Hebat saya bisa menulis yang sebenarnya
jaringan saraf yang masuk ke
mikrokontrol mobil kecil dan kemudian
Saya bisa menulis algoritma pelatihan
untuk melatih jaringan saraf
Algoritma pelatihan digunakan untuk mengatur
bobot untuk setiap neuron individu di
jaringan saraf selanjutnya saya harus kumpulkan
beberapa data kehidupan nyata dan melatih
algoritma dan setelah beberapa hari rambut
robek saya akhirnya berhasil mendapatkannya saat
Saya melihat mobil mengeluarkan hak
Warna memberi tahu saya bahwa itu melihat merah
biru dan sebagainya oh man, itu adalah seorang
momen gembira pasti oke sekarang
Kami telah memanfaatkan kekuatan AI
neural net itu hanya masalah
membuat logika game karena mobilnya
Terinspirasi oleh Mario Kart harus ada
spin out speed up dan slllown
S yang saya gunakan
Warna dan bentuk ini tidak menilai saya
Pisang hijau membuat mobil berputar
awan putih membuat mobil memiliki a
ejekan sementara dalam kekuatan minyak hitam
Splash membuat mobil melambat untuk a
beberapa detik tetapi bentuk ini memegang a
sedikit rahasia di bawah mereka masing -masing
lembaran magnetik di bawah vinyl
Lembar magnetik memicu magnetis itu
beralih yang kita bicarakan sebelumnya dan
yang mengirimkan sinyal ke
mikrokontroler bahwa sudah waktunya untuk memeriksa
apa yang dilihat sensor warna kemudian
Sensor warna mengambil proses data mentahnya
itu melalui jaring saraf dan pada dasarnya
membuat mobil melakukan tindakan tertentu atau tidak
tindakan sama sekali tergantung pada apa yang dilihatnya
Ini berfungsi sangat keren oh man ini
Proyek sangat menyenangkan untuk diciptakan kembali dan saya
telah bersenang -senang bermain
anak -anak saya dengan mobil ini saya bahkan pergi
Mencari monster di bawah tempat tidur i
Semoga Anda menikmati ini melalui ini
Proyeksi dengan saya jika demikian pertimbangkan
berlangganan itu sangat menyenangkan untuk dibuat
pasti seperti yang dijanjikan di sini adalah tautannya
semua file yang juga tersedia di
Deskripsi di bawah ini saya bersenang -senang
Proyek yang direncanakan untuk masa depan tetap menyenangkan
Sampai jumpa di yang berikutnya

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce t
hat's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdown
s I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
Beberapa tahun yang lalu saya melakukan kickstarter tapi
Sayangnya saya tidak berhasil tentang a
sebulan yang lalu saya sedang menggali halaman saya
dan menemukan kotak terkubur misterius saya
Sedikit terkejut tetapi kemudian dengan cepat
menyadari itu adalah kapsul waktu tetapi itu
bukan sembarang kali kapsul itu adalah a
waktu kapsul dengan proyek kickstarter saya
Di dalamnya saya bercanda yang saya alami
salah satu laci saya dan menemukan lama saya
Kotak Proyek Kickstarter Menemukannya
Sekali lagi membuat saya memiliki ide bagus
sangat menyenangkan dan sekarang duduk di a
kotak tersembunyi jauh dari dunia jadi saya
memutuskan untuk membuatnya kembali dan kali ini terbuka
sumber di akhir video saya akan
Bagikan tautan ke semua file dan semuanya
desain yang Anda perlukan
Buat ulang salah satunya jadi nantikan sekarang
Mari kita masuk ke persyaratan bagian yang menyenangkan
Anda mungkin bertanya mengapa tidak sederhana
Lepaskan apa yang sudah Anda miliki dengan
Proyek Sebelumnya Saya suka datang
Licate hidupku sedikit oke a
sedikit tidak, bukan bukan itu alasannya
Mengapa Awalnya Saya Membuat Desain Menggunakan A
Modul bluetooth dan lengan
mikrokontroler sekarang ini bagus
Ini luar biasa tapi mereka adil
mahal dan dua mereka tidak mudah
Gunakan untuk dikatakan dibandingkan dengan
SP32 dan ESP32 selama pasangan terakhir
bertahun -tahun semakin kecil modul
kecil saat ini
ada komunitas yang sangat besar di belakang mereka
dan saya merasa itu beralih ke sesuatu
seperti ESP32 akan membuka pintu untuk
lebih banyak orang untuk benar -benar mencoba proyek ini
Karena proyek ini akan bersumber terbuka
ESP32 datang dengan berbagai
periferal dan favorit saya adalah dan
Karena saya ingin mobil kecil ini menjadi ble
Mengontrol dengan cara itu saya bisa mengendalikannya
Dari komputer saya bisa mengendalikannya
telepon atau saya bisa mengendalikannya dari a
Kostum Remote
ESP32 memainkan peran yang sempurna di sini
Awalnya saya membuat aplikasi untuk telepon
khususnya aplikasi iOS dan aplikasi ini
digunakan untuk mengontrol mobil kecil dan untuk
logika permainan dan sebagainya oh man dimana
apakah saya mulai dengan aplikasi aplikasi harus
dipertahankan karena API berubah
waktu mereka sulit dikompilasi
Berlari dalam pengaturan pengembang i
merasa seperti setiap IOT saat ini
dilengkapi dengan aplikasi jadi tidak ada aplikasi dan itu
cara lebih mudah bagi Anda untuk sederhana
menciptakan kembali perangkat keras itu dan dapatkan
itu berjalan tetapi kita akan sampai ke
persyaratan pengontrol hanya dalam a
Beberapa menit tapi itu akan menjadi fisik
controller mechanicals saya ingin ini
Mobil cetak 3D Saya ingin kandang
untuk dicetak 3D dan saya ingin mereka
cukup mudah untuk melakukan cetak 3D itu a
persyaratan sehingga harus menjadi mobil dengan
Jumlah minimal minimal bergerak
Bagian mobil dengan jumlah minimal
bergerak
bagian jadi saya bisa melakukan hal yang sama seperti saya
melakukan dalam proyek asli di
proyek asli ada empat motor
dikontrol secara individual jadi jika Anda punya
Sisi A dan Sisi B Anda bisa mempercepat
Katakan saja sisi A dan memperlambat sisi B ke
berbalik ke arah tertentu dalam hal itu
arah yang pada dasarnya adalah tangki mari
lakukan dan seperti pada desain sebelumnya i
tidak ingin ini hanya a
mobil kecil yang berkendara dan tidak
Tidak ada yang begitu seperti dalam proyek aslinya
Saya akan menambahkan sensor warna dan ini
waktu saya akan melempar saklar magnetik
ke dalam persamaan dalam aslinya
Proyeksi salah satu masalahnya adalah jika jika
Anda mengemudi di permukaan berwarna
Mobil akan mengambilnya dan itu akan berputar
keluar misalnya atau itu akan mempercepat
dan sebagainya sehingga akan memicu
logika game meskipun seharusnya tidak ada
mungkin terlihat konyol bermain di a
Kamar anak -anak kali ini saya melempar
dalam sakelar magnetik dan kita harus melakukannya
mencari cara untuk memicu tetapi saya
akan melempar saklar magnet begitu
dengan cara itu jika Anda pergi berwarna
permukaannya tidak memicu apapun
tidak melakukan apa -apa sampai mendapat
sinyal dari sakelar magnetik itu
Saatnya membaca sensor warna itu dan
Saatnya memprosesnya mari kita gunakan AI sebagai
baik saya akan mendapatkannya hanya dalam
kedua tapi ingatlah itu yang kita butuhkan
baterai mari kita gunakan lipo yang Anda bisa
menarik banyak kekuatan dari mereka
dengan cepat Anda bisa menagihnya secara adil
dengan cepat juga masalah terbesar dengan
Lipo adalah bahwa Anda membutuhkan spesifik
charger saya akan membuat pengisi daya
papan saya tidak suka kehilangan pengisi daya
dan tidak bisa menggunakan mainan itu
lagi karena saya tidak dapat menemukan pengisi daya
atau takut untuk mencolokkan acak
pengisi daya yang saya temukan karena itu
mungkin tidak jadi dengan cara ini semua Anda akan
Kebutuhan adalah kabel USBC yang terdengar bagus
Dan akhirnya mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar yang kita butuhkan
Beberapa LED mari kita lakukan lampu dan ekor
lampu setelah semua itu adalah mobil yang baik -baik saja
Satu hal terakhir yang saya janjikan mari kita menambahkan a
beralih saya bisa menambahkan tombol yang adil
memicu IO dan bangun tetapi kemudian
Menguras baterai tidak, mari kita lakukan f
sakelar fisik Saya suka sakelar fisik
selesai oh man, itu banyak
persyaratan mari kita tunggu ah
pengontrol pengontrol apalagi
Mari kita masuk ke pengontrol untuk
pengontrol kita bisa membuatnya sederhana
benar oh sedikit lebih sederhana dari mobil
mungkin perlu dicetak 3D sehingga
hal yang sama seperti mobil itu mudah
untuk mereproduksi t
topi adalah cek lagi kami
Perlu memiliki baterai jadi mari kita manfaatkan
sirkuit yang sama seperti yang kami gunakan
mobil yang seharusnya cukup sederhana
ulang mari kita gunakan lipo dan hal yang sama
sirkuit pengisian itu adalah cek yang kita butuhkan
untuk memiliki tombol dan semacam a
joystick ya itu terdengar seperti rencana
mari kita lakukan tombol seperti nintendo
sakelar pengontrol dan tambahkan joystick begitu
Kami bisa memiliki kontrol proporsional dan
mari kita lakukan tombol jadi kita bisa saya tidak melakukannya
tahu mempercepat mode perubahan dan
sebagainya dan mari kita tambahkan beberapa suar mari
Tambahkan beberapa LED status oke untuk itu
Persyaratan i
janji sekarang mari kita benar -benar membuat
itu setelah berkeringat beberapa hari di depan
komputer dan beberapa desain gagal i
akhirnya selesai dan hasilnya terlihat
Luar biasa saya tidak bisa menunggu semua bagian
untuk masuk setelah dengan sabar menunggu beberapa
hari -hari bagian PCB akhirnya tiba
Waktu perakitan panggil saya gila tapi saya memiliki file
memilih tempat di rumah saat ini mungkin
menjadi berlebihan itu membantu saya melaju cepat
PCB Assembly Dulu butuh sekitar 3
jam per PCB untuk merakit rata -rata
Dewan 80 komponen sekarang membutuhkan saya
Kurang dari 30 menit pilihan di tempatnya
tidak sempurna, ia melakukan sekitar 90% dari
komponen dan sisa 10% yang saya lakukan
Tangan itu bukan masalah besar semua
menghuni semua kapasitor semua
resistor hal -hal yang umum seperti
0,1 microfarad kapasitor 10k resistor
dan sebagainya semua itu ditempatkan
secara otomatis oleh pick di tempat saya
suka hal ini dan papannya
terlihat bagus check it out yang saya rancang
kandang untuk pencetakan yang mudah dan
Assembl motor snap pada tempatnya
tanpa sekrup dan mereka menahannya
lem apa pun yang dipasang PCB di atas
kandang dengan bantuan kecil
pita dua sisi ikan kabel motor
melalui selungkup dan PCB untuk a
Solder yang bagus di bagian atas baterai cocok
dengan pas di bawah mobil lagi dua sisi
Rekatkan sensor warna dan magnetis
sakelar adalah PCB kecil yang terpisah
mereka sendiri, mereka menghubungkan header 1,27 mm
Dengan begitu mereka ditempatkan jauh dari
PCB dan sedekat mungkin dengan tanah
mungkin Anda hanya ingin mengambil
warna yang seharusnya benar -benar melihat
Jadi kami berusaha sedekat
mungkin di sini dan juga untuk magnetis
beralih karena magnet saya akan terjadi
cukup lemah saya harus memicu dan
Oleh karena itu kita harus sedekat
mungkin juga ada sedikit
masalah meskipun roda oh man, saya mencoba
Pencetakan 3D ekstrusi untuk roda
roda yang tidak berjalan dengan baik roda
sangat kecil dan sangat detail saya
harus mengeluarkan printer resin saya dan
Sementara printer resin mencapai ekstrem
akurasi saya benar -benar tidak suka berurusan
Dengan resin itu berantakan
tempat baunya tapi presisi
Anda mencapainya tidak terkalahkan sehingga
Roda dicetak 3D menggunakan SLA
printer dan bahkan kemudian saya gagal banyak
kali saat mencetak roda 3D itu
Hal -hal tidak melekat pada bentuk platform
resolusi tidak diatur dengan benar dan
sebagainya setelah beberapa upaya gagal saya
Akhirnya memiliki roda yang bekerja dengan baik
Cukup itu tidak sempurna tapi itu akan dilakukan sekarang
untuk remote untuk kandang jarak jauh
Saya memutuskan untuk menggunakan sekrup itu
sekrup m2 yang mengetuk sendiri pada akhirnya saya lakukan
ingin anak -anak saya bersenang -senang dengan ini
proyek dan semua elektronik sebagai
sebanyak mungkin harus disembunyikan
jauh dari balita kecil itu
jari -jari jadi untuk papan ini saya harus membuat
itu dua sisi elektronik
berada di depan hanya elektronik
yang diperlukan seperti tombol dan
lampu dan sakelar analog atau
bukan analog
Joystick mereka berada di sisi depan dan
Maka yang lainnya ada di sisi belakang
Tergantung bagaimana Anda melihatnya
PCB yang bagus keluar dengan baik setelah beberapa
hari pemrograman saya memiliki semua dasarnya
berfungsi hal ini cukup menyenangkan tapi
Kami belum selesai masih ada itu
Sensor warna di bagian bawah benda ini
Mari kita buat itu berfungsi dengan baik seperti yang disebutkan
Sebelum saya memutuskan untuk membuat hidup saya lebih mudah
dengan menulis jaringan saraf
bekerja oh
pria benar jadi saya meminta bahasa yang besar
model untuk membantu saya dengan ini sejak saya
sedikit akrab dengan jaringan saraf i
telah membaca beberapa buku tapi saya tidak pernah
Benar -benar menulis jaringan saraf
diri saya model bahasa besar hari ini bisa
membantu Anda membimbing Anda bahkan
masalah paling sulit yaitu
Hebat saya bisa menulis yang sebenarnya
jaringan saraf yang masuk ke
mikrokontrol mobil kecil dan kemudian
Saya bisa menulis algoritma pelatihan
untuk melatih jaringan saraf
Algoritma pelatihan digunakan untuk mengatur
bobot untuk setiap neuron individu di
jaringan saraf selanjutnya saya harus kumpulkan
beberapa data kehidupan nyata dan melatih
algoritma dan setelah beberapa hari rambut
robek saya akhirnya berhasil mendapatkannya saat
Saya melihat mobil mengeluarkan hak
Warna memberi tahu saya bahwa itu melihat merah
biru dan sebagainya oh man, itu adalah seorang
momen gembira pasti oke sekarang
Kami telah memanfaatkan kekuatan AI
neural net itu hanya masalah
membuat logika game karena mobilnya
Terinspirasi oleh Mario Kart harus ada
spin out speed up dan slllown
S yang saya gunakan
Warna dan bentuk ini tidak menilai saya
Pisang hijau membuat mobil berputar
awan putih membuat mobil memiliki a
ejekan sementara dalam kekuatan minyak hitam
Splash membuat mobil melambat untuk a
beberapa detik tetapi bentuk ini memegang a
sedikit rahasia di bawah mereka masing -masing
lembaran magnetik di bawah vinyl
Lembar magnetik memicu magnetis itu
beralih yang kita bicarakan sebelumnya dan
yang mengirimkan sinyal ke
mikrokontroler bahwa sudah waktunya untuk memeriksa
apa yang dilihat sensor warna kemudian
Sensor warna mengambil proses data mentahnya
itu melalui jaring saraf dan pada dasarnya
membuat mobil melakukan tindakan tertentu atau tidak
tindakan sama sekali tergantung pada apa yang dilihatnya
Ini berfungsi sangat keren oh man ini
Proyek sangat menyenangkan untuk diciptakan kembali dan saya
telah bersenang -senang bermain
anak -anak saya dengan mobil ini saya bahkan pergi
Mencari monster di bawah tempat tidur i
Semoga Anda menikmati ini melalui ini
Proyeksi dengan saya jika demikian pertimbangkan
berlangganan itu sangat menyenangkan untuk dibuat
pasti seperti yang dijanjikan di sini adalah tautannya
semua file yang juga tersedia di
Deskripsi di bawah ini saya bersenang -senang
Proyek yang direncanakan untuk masa depan tetap menyenangkan
Sampai jumpa di yang berikutnya

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce t
hat's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdown
s I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
幾年前，我做了一個Kickstarter
不幸的是我沒有成功
一個月前，我在院子裡挖掘
並找到了一個神秘的埋藏盒
有點吃驚，但很快
意識到這是一個時間膠囊，但是
不只是任何時間膠囊，這是一個
我的Kickstarter項目的時間膠囊
在裡面我在開玩笑
我的抽屜之一，找到了我的舊
kickstarter項目框發現
再次讓我有個好主意
這麼有趣，現在坐在
盒子隱藏在世界上，所以我
決定重做，這次開放
在視頻末尾來源
共享指向所有文件和所有文件的鏈接
您需要的設計
重新創建其中一個，請繼續關注
讓我們了解有趣的部分要求
您可能問為什麼不簡單
發布您已經擁有的東西
上一個項目好，我喜歡來
使我的生活有點好
有點不，不，這不是原因
為什麼我最初使用一個
藍牙模塊和手臂
微控制器現在很棒
這些很棒，但是它們很公平
昂貴，兩個它們並不容易
與說相比
在最後一對中的SP32和ESP32
數年的模塊變小
如今很小
他們背後有一個很大的社區
我覺得轉向某物
就像ESP32一樣
更多的人實際嘗試這個項目
因為這個項目將開放
ESP32帶有一系列
外圍設備，我最喜歡的是Ble和
既然我希望這輛小車會吹來
以這種方式控制了我可以控制它
我可以從計算機中控制它
電話，或者我可以從
服裝遙控
ESP32在這裡扮演完美的角色
最初我為電話做了一個應用程序
特別是iOS應用程序，此應用程序是
用於控制小型汽車和
遊戲邏輯等等
我從應用程序應用程序開始
由於API改變而保持
時間他們很難編譯到
在開發人員設置中運行i
如今感覺就像每個物聯網
帶有一個應用程序，因此沒有應用程序
方式更容易簡單
重新創建硬件並獲取
它在運行，但我們會去
控制器的要求僅
幾分鐘，但這將是一個身體上的
控制器機械我希望這是
我想要外殼的3D打印汽車
要打印3D，我希望它們成為
相當簡單的3D打印是一個
要求，所以它必須是一輛汽車
最小的移動數量
零件的汽車數量最少
移動
零件，所以我可以和我做同樣的事情
在原始項目中做到了
原始項目有四個電動機
單獨控制，如果您有
A側A和B側B，您可以加快速度
只需說一側a，然後放慢腳步B到
朝那個特定方向轉向
方向基本上是一個坦克
做到這一點，就像以前的設計一樣
不希望這只是一個
小車四處走動
在原始項目中沒有什麼
我要添加一個顏色傳感器，
時間我會投入磁開關
進入原始方程
項目之一是，如果
您在彩色表面上行駛
汽車會撿起來，它會旋轉
例如，否則會加快速度
等等，所以它會觸發
遊戲邏輯即使沒有
在玩耍時看起來很荒謬
這次我要扔的兒童室
在磁開關中，我們必須
弄清楚如何觸發它，但我
要投入磁開關，所以
這樣，如果您越過彩色
表面它不會觸發任何東西
直到得到一個
來自磁開關的信號
是時候閱讀該顏色傳感器了，
是時候處理了，讓我們使用AI作為
好吧，我會在
第二，但請記住我們需要
電池讓我們使用脂肪
從他們那裡汲取很多力量
很快你可以公平地向他們收費
很快也是最大的問題
Lipos是您需要一個特定的
充電器我要打開充電器
董事會我不喜歡失去充電器
並且無法使用玩具
再因為我找不到充電器
或害怕插入隨機的
我發現的充電器是因為它
可能不是這樣
需要的是USBC電纜，聽起來不錯
最後，讓我們添加一些耀斑，我們需要
一些LED讓我們做前大燈和尾巴
燈光畢竟這是一輛正確的汽車
我保證的最後一件事讓我們添加一個
切換我可以添加一個按鈕
觸發一個IO並醒來，但隨後
排乾電池不讓我們做一個F
物理開關我喜歡物理開關
哦，伙計，那是很多
要求讓它等待啊
控制器控制器正確
讓我們進入控制器
控制器我們可以保持簡單
對，哦，比汽車簡單一點
也許需要打印3D，所以
與汽車相同的事情很容易
複製t
帽子是我們再次支票
需要有電池，所以讓我們使用
與我們使用的電路相同
應該很簡單的汽車
重做讓我們使用lipo和同樣的
充電電路是我們需要的支票
有按鈕和某種
操縱桿是的，這聽起來像是一個計劃
讓我們像任天堂一樣做按鈕
切換控制器並添加操縱桿，因此
我們可以擁有比例的控制
讓我們做按鈕，讓我不
知道加快變化模式的速度和
因此，讓我們加入一些耀斑，讓我們
添加一些狀態LED還可以
要求i
保證現在讓我們真正做
它在前面出汗了幾天之後
一台計算機和幾個失敗的設計
終於完成了，結果看起來
太神奇了，我等不及所有零件
耐心等待幾個之後進來
PCB部分終於到了
集會時間叫我瘋了，但我有一個
在家裡挑選位置，而這可能
成為一個過度殺傷，它可以幫助我加快速度
PCB組件過去大約需要3
平均每個PCB的小時
現在由80個組件組成的董事會需要我
少於30分鐘
它不是完美的，大約有90％
組件和剩下的10％以上
手這沒什麼大不了的
被動所有電容器的所有電容器
電阻的事物，例如
0.1微絨面電容器10K電阻
等等，所有這些都放置
自動在選拔位置我
喜歡這個東西，董事會是
看起來很棒，請檢查一下我設計的
外殼，用於輕鬆打印和
組裝電動機快照到位
沒有任何螺釘，它們沒有
PCB安裝在
帶有微小幫助的圍欄
雙面膠帶電動線魚
通過機櫃和PCB
電池的頂部很好焊料
緊緊地在車下再次雙面
膠帶顏色傳感器和磁性
開關在單獨的小PCB上
他們自己連接1.27毫米的標頭
這樣他們就遠離
PCB，與地面一樣近
您可能只想拿起
實際上應該看到的顏色
因此，我們正在嘗試與
在這里以及磁性
切換，因為我的磁鐵將會
相當虛弱，我必須觸發和
因此，我們必須與
也可能有一點
問題雖然輪子哦，我嘗試了
擠壓3D打印輪子
車輪不順利的車輪
太小了，他們是如此詳細
必須拔出我的樹脂打印機，
而樹脂打印機實現了極端
我真的不喜歡交易的準確性
用樹脂雜亂無章
它聞起來的地方，但精度
您實現它是無與倫比的，所以
車輪是使用SLA打印的3D
打印機，即使那時我失敗了
3D打印那些車輪的時間
事情沒有粘在平台表格上
該分辨率無法正確設置，並且
因此，在嘗試失敗後，我
終於有一個很好的輪子
足夠完美，但現在會做
對於遙控機箱的遙控器
我決定使用螺絲
最終我做的自攻M2螺釘
希望我的孩子們玩得開心
項目等所有電子產品
大部分都必須隱藏
遠離那些小小的小孩
手指所以對於這個板，我不得不做
它雙向一些電子設備
僅在前面電子設備
是必要的，例如按鈕和
燈光和模擬開關或
而不是模擬
操縱桿他們在正面，
然後其他一切都在背面
取決於您看的樣子
好的PCB很棒，經過了幾次
編程的日子，我擁有所有基礎知識
運行這件事很有趣，但是
我們還沒有完成
此東西底部的顏色傳感器
讓我們如前所述使其運行良好
在我決定使自己的生活更輕鬆之前
通過編寫神經網絡
工作哦
男人，所以我問了一種大語言
自從我就可以幫助我的模型
對神經網絡有點熟悉
讀過一些書，但我從來沒有
實際上實際上寫了一個神經網絡
我今天的大型語言模型可以
幫助您引導您完成一些
最困難的問題是
太好了，我能夠寫實際
進入的神經網絡
小型汽車的微控制，然後
我能夠編寫培訓算法
訓練神經網絡
培訓算法用於設置
每個神經元上的權重
接下來我必須收集的神經網絡
一些現實生活中的數據並訓練
算法和幾天的頭髮
撕裂，我終於在
我看到汽車在右邊輸出
顏色告訴我它看到紅色
藍色等等，哦，那是一個
狂喜的時刻可以肯定可以了
我們利用了人工智能的力量
神經網只是一個問題
創建遊戲邏輯，因為汽車是
受馬里奧卡丁車的啟發
旋轉速度加速和放緩
我用
這些顏色和形狀不判斷我
綠色的香蕉使汽車旋轉
白雲使汽車有
臨時噓聲在黑油
飛濺使汽車放慢了
幾秒鐘，但這些形狀保持
他們下面的小秘密每個人
乙烯基下方的磁力板
磁力板觸發磁性
我們之前談論過的切換
將信號發送到
微控制器是時候檢查了
顏色傳感器正在看到什麼
顏色傳感器採用其原始數據過程
它通過神經網，基本上
讓汽車採取某些操作或不採取任何操作
完全取決於看到的
它起作用，這很酷哦，伙計
項目是重現的爆炸
玩得很開心
我的孩子們用這輛車去了
我在床下尋找怪物
希望你喜歡這個
如果是這樣，請與我一起項目
訂閱製作很有趣
可以肯定的是，如這裡所承諾的是
所有文件也可以在
下面的描述我很有趣
計劃未來的項目保持樂趣
我會在下一個見你

--- Original Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce that's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdowns I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one

--- Translated Transcript ---
few years ago I did a Kickstarter but
unfortunately I didn't succeed about a
month ago I was digging through my yard
and found a mysterious buried box I was
a little taken aback but then quickly
realized it was a time capsule but it
wasn't just any time capsule it was a
time capsule with my Kickstarter project
in it I'm kidding I was going through
one of my drawers and found my old
Kickstarter Project Box discovering it
again made me have a great idea the was
so much fun and now it's sitting in a
box hidden away from the world so I
decided to remake it and this time open
source it at the end of the video I'll
share a link to all the files and all
the designs that you would need to
recreate one of these so stay tuned now
let's get into the fun part requirements
you're probably asking why not simply
release what you already had with the
previous project well I like to come
licate my life a little bit okay A
little bit no no that's not the reason
why initially I made the design using a
Bluetooth module and an arm
microcontroller now these are great
these are awesome but one they're fairly
expensive and two they're not easy to
use as to say compared to the
sp32 and esp32s over the last couple
years have gotten smaller the modules
are tiny nowadays
there's a very big Community behind them
and I felt that switching to something
like an esp32 would open the door for
more people to actually try this project
since this project will be open sourced
the esp32s come with a range of
peripherals and my favorite is ble and
since I want this little car to be ble
controlled that way I could control it
from a computer I could control it from
a phone or I could control it from a
costume remote
esp32 plays The Perfect part here
originally I made an app for the phone
specifically an IOS app and this app was
used to control the little car and for
the game logic and so forth oh man where
do I start with apps apps have to be
maintained because the apis change over
time they are hard to compile to even
get running in a developer setting I
feel like every single iot nowadays
comes with an app so no apps and that
way it's easier for you to Simply
recreate the hardware flash it and get
it running but we'll get to the
requirements of the controller in just a
few minutes but it'll be a physical
controller Mechanicals I want this to be
a 3D printed car I want the enclosures
to be 3D printed and I want them to be
fairly simple to do 3D print that's a
requirement so it has to be a car with
minimal minimal number of moving
Parts a car with minimal number of
moving
parts so I could do the same thing as I
did in the original project in the
original project there were four Motors
individually controlled so if you have
side a and side B you could speed up
just say side a and slow down side B to
turn in a specific Direction in that
direction that's basically a tank let's
do it and as in the previous design I
don't want this to be just simply a
little car that drives around and does
nothing so like in the original project
I'm going to add a color sensor and this
time I will throw in a magnetic switch
into the equation in the original
project one of the problems was that if
you're driving on a colored surface the
car would pick that up and it would spin
out for example or it would uh speed up
and so forth so it would trigger the
game logic even though it shouldn't have
probably look ridiculous playing in a
kids room this time around I'm throwing
in a magnetic switch and we'll have to
figure out how to trigger it but I'm
going to throw in a magnetic switch so
that way if you go over a colored
surface it doesn't trigger anything it
doesn't do anything until it gets a
signal from the magnetic switch that it
it's time to read that color sensor and
it's time to process it let's use AI as
well I'll get get to that in just a
second but keep that in mind we need
batteries let's use a lipo you could
draw a lot of power from them very
quickly you could charge them fairly
quickly too the biggest problem with
lipos is that you need a specific
charger I'm going to make the charger on
board I don't like having lost Chargers
and not being able to use the toy
anymore because I can't find a charger
or being scared to plug in a random
charger that I have found because it
might not be it so this way all you'll
need is a USBC cable that sounds good
and finally let's add some flare we need
some LEDs let's do headlights and tail
lights after all it is a car right okay
one last thing I promise let's add a
switch I could add a button that just
triggers an IO and wakes up but then it
drains the battery no let's do a f
physical switch I like physical switches
done oh man that was that was a lot of
requirements let's make it wait ah the
controller the controller all right
let's go into the controller for the
controller we could keep it simple
right oh a little simpler than the car
maybe it needs to be 3D printed so the
same thing as the car that way it's easy
to reproduce t
hat's a check again we
need to have batteries so let's utilize
the same circuitry as we were using on
the car that should be fairly simple to
redo let's use a lipo and the same
charging circuit that's a check we need
to have buttons and some sort of a
joystick yeah that sounds like a plan
let's do buttons just like a Nintendo
switch controller and add a joystick so
we could have proportional control and
let's do buttons so we could I don't
know speed up slow down change modes and
so forth and let's add some flare let's
add some status LEDs okay that's it for
requirements I
promise now let's actually make
it after sweating a few days in front of
a computer and a couple failed designs I
was finally done and the result looks
amazing I cannot wait for all the parts
to come in after patiently waiting a few
days the PCB Parts finally arrived it's
assembly time call me crazy but I have a
picking place at home while this might
be an Overkill it helps me speed through
PCB assembly it used to take me about 3
hours per PCB to assemble an average
Board of 80 components now it takes me
less than 30 minutes the pick in place
is not perfect it does about 90% of the
components and the 10% left over I Do by
hand that's not a big deal all the
passives all the capacitors all the
resistors things that are common such as
0.1 microfarad capacitors 10K resistors
and so forth all of it is placed
automatically by the pick in place I
love this thing and the boards are
looking great check it out I designed
the enclosure for easy Printing and
assembl the motors snap into place
without any screws and they hold without
any glue the PCB mounts on top of an
enclosure with a tiny help of
double-sided tape the motor wires fish
through the enclosure and the PCB for a
nice solder at the top the battery fits
snugly under the car again double-sided
tape the color sensor and the magnetic
switch are on a separate little PCB of
their own they connect a 1.27 MM header
that way they are spaced away from the
PCB and are as close to the ground as
possible you wanted to pick up only the
color that it's actually supposed to see
so we're trying to get as close as
possible here and also for the magnetic
switch since my magnets are going to be
fairly weak I have to trigger and
therefore we have to get as close as
possible as well there's a little
problem though the wheels oh man I tried
Extrusion 3D printing for the wheel
wheels that didn't went well the wheels
are so tiny and they're so detailed I
had to pull out my resin printer and
while the resin printer achieves extreme
accuracy I really don't like dealing
with resin it's messy it goes all over
the place it smells but the Precision
you achieve it's unbeatable so the
wheels are 3D printed using an SLA
printer and even then I failed multiple
times when 3D printing those Wheels
things didn't stick to the platform form
the resolution wasn't correctly set and
so forth after a few failed attempts I
finally had a wheel that worked good
enough it's not perfect but it'll do now
for the remote for the remote enclosure
I decided to use screws they're
self-tapping M2 screws in the end I do
want my kids to have fun with this
project and so all the electronics as
much of it as possible have to be hidden
away from those little tiny toddler
fingers so for this board I had to make
it double-sided some of the electronics
are in the front only the electronics
that are necessary such as buttons and
the lights and the analog switch or
rather the analog
joystick they are on the front side and
then everything else is on the back side
depends how you look at it anyway looks
good pcbs came out great after a few
days of programming I had all the basics
functioning this thing is pretty fun but
we're not done yet there's still that
color sensor on the bottom of this thing
let's get it working well as mentioned
before I decided to make my life easier
by writing a neural network
work oh
man right so I asked a large language
model to help me with this since I am
slightly familiar with neural networks I
have read some books but I have never
really actually written a neural network
myself a large language model today can
help you guide you through even some of
the most difficult problems which is
great I was able to write the actual
neural network that goes onto the
microcontrol of the little car and then
I was able to write a training algorithm
to train up the neural network the
training algorithm is used to set the
weights for each individual neuron on
the neural network next I had to collect
some real life data and train the
algorithms and after a few days of hair
ripping I finally managed to get it when
I saw the car outputting the right
colors telling me that it's seeing red
blue and so forth oh man it was an
ecstatic moment for sure okay now that
we've harnessed the power of AI the
neural net it was just a matter of
creating the game logic since the car is
inspired by Mario Kart there have to be
spin outs speed ups and slowdown
s I use
these colors and shapes don't judge me
the green banana makes the car spin out
the white cloud makes the car have a
temporary Boos in power the black oil
Splash makes the car slow down for a
couple seconds but these shapes hold a
little secret beneath them each one has
a magnetic sheet below the vinyl the
magnetic sheet triggers that magnetic
switch that we talked about before and
that sends the signal to the
microcontroller that it's time to check
what the color sensor is seeing then the
color sensor takes its raw data process
it through the neural net and basically
makes the car do certain actions or no
actions at all depending on what it sees
it works it's pretty cool oh man this
project was a blast to recreate and I've
been having a a lot of fun playing with
my kids with this car I even went
looking for monsters under the bed I
hope you enjoy going through this
project with me if so consider
subscribing it was a lot of fun to make
for sure as promised here is the link to
all the files it's also available in the
description below I have some really fun
projects planned for the future stay fun
I'll see you in the next one
